# Minutes 9th April (Wednesday)
## Participants: Johnathan Min, Marilyn Tek

<details>
<summary>Work Allocation</summary>
```
Johnathan: Finish Part c) and d) (Serial Interface)
Marilyn:   Redo Part c) by modifying internal hardware timer, commit changes to Github
```
</details>

## Summary
- Plan to get all parts done by Thursday's lab to head on with integration
- Group chat via Discord
- Checking Github functionality 

